lugo
camera accompanies
with those ingredients are
a can of condensed milk 200 grams of cream cheese
a liter of water in an envelope of gelatin flavor orange
the first thing we're going to do is expose the water
and is that he has released again
we put in gelatin powder
and we know very well
and let it cool
once it has cooled
let's act the ingredients
tequila liquefy two parts to avoid spilling the glass of the blender
bassi in the mix a container
so that the ingredients are very well integrated
does not move started the goals very well where the specialists in the entity
this list attached gelatin
I hope you enjoy it and remember that you have an appointment in that next phase